Addition of Challenge 29 (#697)
OWASP/wrongsecrets: src/main/resources/explanations/challenge29_reason.adoc

*Why posting Screenshots of logs and outputs in a GitHub issue  is a bad idea?*

You should never post Screenshots of logs and outputs in a GitHub issue because even when the issue is closed all data is public,  is very easy to spot and screenshots cannot be edited like normal text.

> Check for any generated passcodes in the output and make sure it is blurred out after taking its screenshot before posting it in GitHub issue.

Reviewer: Please update this as well :)

> *Why posting Screenshots of logs and outputs in a GitHub issue  is a bad idea?*
> 
> You should never post Screenshots of logs and outputs in a GitHub issue because even when the issue is closed all data is public,  is very easy to spot and screenshots cannot be edited like normal text.
> 
> Check for any generated passcodes in the output and make sure it is blurred out after taking its screenshot before posting it in GitHub issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Why posting screenshots of logs in a GitHub issue is a bad idea*

You shouldn't post screenshots of logs in a GitHub issue because:
1. Data is public (even on a private repository, often more public than you'd hope)
2. Screenshots can't be redacted like text. Even when the secret is blurred, this can be reversible. 

Check for any secret leaks in the output and leverage code block markdown to post logs in a GitHub issue. This is also much nicer for the maintainers trying to help you debug :).
```
